Refined About, Mission, Governance, and Funding pages (#451)
MDAnalysis/MDAnalysis.github.io: about.md

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/public/mdanalysis-logo_square.png"
style="float: right" alt="MDAnalysis" width="30%"/>

MDAnalysis is an open-source project dedicated to advancing molecular dynamics analysis through a robust software library, an active community, and sustainable governance. Our tools enable high-performance, reproducible computational studies supporting researchers across academia and industry.

The MDAnalysis Project is committed to open-source, reproducible computational research. Our [Mission]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/mission/) guides our efforts in developing robust tools, fostering an inclusive community, and supporting scientists worldwide.

## Get Involved

- **Follow Our Code of Conduct:** We foster a welcoming, inclusive environment. Read our [Code of Conduct]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/conduct/) before participating.
- **Join the Community:** Connect with other users, report issues, and contribute through multiple channels. Learn more on our [Community]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/community/) page.

> - **Contribute:** Whether through coding, documentation, community support, or event organization, you can help shape the MDAnalysis ecosystem. Get started with our [Contributing Guide]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/contribute/) or [join a team]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/team/) to support specific initiatives. You can also help organize or participate in MDAnalysis events, such as User Group Meetings (UGMs) and workshops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Contribute:** Whether through coding, documentation, community support, or event organization/participation, you can help shape the MDAnalysis ecosystem. Get started with our [Contributing Guide]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/contribute/) or [join a team]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/team/) to support specific initiatives.
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for brevity

> - **Support MDAnalysis:** MDAnalysis relies on grants, sponsorships, and donations to sustain development and community events. Your support helps fund maintenance, development, UGMs, workshops, and more. Learn more on our [Funding]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/funding/) page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Support MDAnalysis:** MDAnalysis relies on grants, sponsorships, and donations to sustain development and community events. Your support helps fund maintenance, development, UGMs (User Group Meetings), workshops, and more. Learn more on our [Funding]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/funding/) page.
```

Reviewer: Since my comment above would remove your definition of the acronym

- **Share your Feedback:** MDAnalysis welcomes feedback for improvement from its users and community. Share your thoughts on MDAnalysis, the community, or events by filling out [this feedback form][].

## Team & Leadership

MDAnalysis is maintained by the [Core Developers]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/governance//#mdanalysis-core-developers) who lead the project and make key decisions regarding its development. Past contributors who've stepped back become Emeriti Core Developers.

Our governance structure ensures transparency and sustainability. See our [Governance]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/governance/) and [Team]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/team/) pages for more details.

Learn more on .

## Funding & Sponsors

> MDAnalysis is supported by grants, sponsorships, and community contributions. As a fiscally-sponsored project of [NumFOCUS][], we receive funding from various organizations that play key roles in supporting our development.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<a href="{{site.numfocus.sponsored_project}}"><img
    src="{{site.images}}/numfocus-sponsored.png" title="NumFOCUS
    sponsored project" alt="NumFOCUS Sponsored" style="display:
    inline; float: right; height: 4em; margin: 0 0.5em" /></a>

MDAnalysis is supported by grants, sponsorships, and community contributions. As a fiscally-sponsored project of [NumFOCUS][], we receive funding from various organizations that play key roles in supporting our development.
```

Reviewer: Add NumFOCUS "fiscally-sponsored project" logo.

 See our [Funding]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/funding/) page for more details on our **funding sources and how you can support MDAnalysis**.

## Open Source & Availability

MDAnalysis is released under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 or later (LGPLv2.1+)][]. This ensures that our tools remain accessible, transparent, and reproducible for molecular dynamics research. Some supporting libraries use the MIT or BSD-3 licenses.

MDAnalysis is: 

- **Easy to install** &mdash; Available via `pip`, `conda/mamba` and `conda-forge`.
- **Openly developed** &mdash; The [source code]({{ site.github.repo }}) is hosted on GitHub.
- **Regularly updated** &mdash; Official releases are distributed via [PyPI][].

For full installation instructions and setup guides, visit our [Getting Started]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/getting_started/) page.

[GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 or later (LGPLv2.1+)]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html
[PyPI]: https://pypi.org/project/MDAnalysis/

> [this feedback form]: https://forms.gle/n8GLe2QsL2hW2QiDA

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[this feedback form]: https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLScAjjI730i63LbyVkk_tuZ1-FCXUkg6xFugw_gmcsqUvBUtnw/viewform?usp=sf_link
```

Reviewer: Changing to long version of the URL since I've seen scenarios where the shortened form breaks over time for some reason

<img src="{{ site.baseurl }}/public/mdanalysis-logo_square.png"
style="float: right" alt="MDAnalysis" width="30%"/>

> MDAnalysis is an open-source Python library for analyzing molecular dynamics simulations and biomolecular structures. It enables high-performance, reproducible computational studies, supporting researchers across academia and industry.

Reviewer 2: Too narrow. This is just the library. The website is about the MDAnalysis Project.

As the Mission says, the library is important, but there's more to the project.

> Learn more about our mission on the [Mission]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/mission/) page.

Reviewer 2: I don't like "Learn more" as it makes it like something optional. With the Mission, we should be clear.

The [Mission](mission.md) of the MDAnalysis Project is to ... (summarize).

## Get Involved

MDAnalysis is built and maintained by a global community of researchers, developers, and users. There are many ways to participate:

- **Join the Community:** Connect with other users, report issues, and contribute through multiple channels. Learn more on our [Community]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/community/) page.
- **Contribute:** Whether through coding, documentation, or community support, get started with our [Contributing Guide]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/contribute/).

> - **Follow Our Code of Conduct:** We foster a welcoming, inclusive environment. Read our [Code of Conduct]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/conduct/).

Reviewer: I would prefer if the Code of Conduct were the first item, as it is necessary to first agree to uphold those principles before participating in the community in other ways.

Additionally, I would add a line here about sponsoring MDAnalysis that links to the Funding page. We have some general language for donations, but it might be good to add something about what it could support (e.g., project maintenance/development, events like UGMs, workshops, etc.).

I'm also not sure the best way to do it based on the community/contribute/events pages as they currently stand, but it'd also be nice to have a line about organizing your own, or helping organize, MDAnalysis events (i.e., UGMs, workshops). I'll defer to you on if/how you think it makes most sense to incorporate this (could just be expanded on the contribute bullet point, e.g.)

## Team & Leadership

> MDAnalysis is maintained by [Core Developers][] who lead the project and make key decisions regarding its development. Past contributors who stepped back hold the title of Emeritus Core Developer.

Reviewer 2: > the Core Developers

article

> Emeritus/Emerita

sounds a bit clunky but it would be incorrect to only use the male version

> Our governance structure ensures transparency and sustainability. Learn more on our [Team]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/team/) and [Governance]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/governance/) pages.

Reviewer 2: Instead of "Learn more" I'd just say "See .... for more details".... but that's just my personal preference here. I'm just not a big fan of using "learn" for "look there".

## Funding & Sponsors

MDAnalysis is supported by grants, sponsorships, and community contributions. Organizations such as the **Chan Zuckerberg Initiative, Google, NumFOCUS, and the National Science Foundation** have played key roles in funding our development.

For more information on our funding sources and how you can support MDAnalysis, visit our [Funding]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/funding/) page.

## Open Source & Availability

> MDAnalysis is released under the [GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 or later (LGPLv2.1+)][]. This ensures that our tools remain accessible, transparent, and reproducible for molecular dynamics research. Some supporting libraries use the MIT or BSD-3 licenses.

Reviewer: Is there still a line somewhere about teaching materials being open source (I think most are probably cc-by licenses)? As with Oliver's comment about the mission statement, it is our goal to be open as a *project*, not just related specifically to the library.

MDAnalysis is: 

- **Easy to install** &mdash; Available via `pip` and `conda/mamba`.
- **Openly developed** &mdash; The [source code]({{ site.github.repo }}) is hosted on GitHub.

> - **Regularly updated** &mdash; Official releases are distributed via [PyPI][].

Reviewer 2: and conda-forge

For full installation instructions and setup guides, visit our [Getting Started]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/getting_started/) page.

## Share Your Feedback

> MDAnalysis welcomes feedback for improvement from its users and community. Share your thoughts on MDAnalysis, the community, or events by filling out [this feedback form][].

Reviewer: Perhaps also include in the "getting involved" list above instead of it's own section at the bottom?

[GNU Lesser General Public License, version 2.1 or later (LGPLv2.1+)]: https://www.gnu.org/licenses/lgpl-2.1.html
[PyPI]: https://pypi.org/project/MDAnalysis/
[this feedback form]: https://forms.gle/n8GLe2QsL2hW2QiDA

> [Core Developers]: https://github.com/orgs/MDAnalysis/teams/coredevs/members

Reviewer 2: This is actually not a good link. The only real list of current CoreDevs is on the web page, so link to that list.

- **Support MDAnalysis:** MDAnalysis relies on grants, sponsorships, and donations to sustain development and community events. Your support helps fund maintenance, development, UGMs (User Group Meetings), workshops, and more. Learn more on our [Funding]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/funding/) page.
- **Share your Feedback:** MDAnalysis welcomes feedback for improvement from its users and community. Share your thoughts on MDAnalysis, the community, or events by filling out [this feedback form][].

## Team & Leadership

MDAnalysis is maintained by the [Core Developers]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/governance/#mdanalysis-core-developers) who lead the project and make key decisions regarding its development. Past contributors who've stepped back become Emeriti Core Developers.

Our governance structure ensures transparency and sustainability. See our [Governance]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/governance/) and [Team]({{ site.baseurl }}/pages/team/) pages for more details.

> Learn more on .

Reviewer 3: missing link?

Author: Sorry @micaela-matta for pushing without noticing this, I removed it now.

## Funding & Sponsors

<a href="{{site.numfocus.sponsored_project}}"><img
    src="{{site.images}}/numfocus-sponsored.png" title="NumFOCUS
    sponsored project" alt="NumFOCUS Sponsored" style="display:
    inline; float: right; height: 4em; margin: 0 0.5em" /></a>

> MDAnalysis is supported by grants, sponsorships, and community contributions. As a fiscally-sponsored project of [NumFOCUS][], we receive funding from various organizations that play key roles in supporting our development.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
MDAnalysis is a fiscally-sponsored project of [NumFOCUS][]. We are also supported by grants, sponsorships, and community contributions that play key roles in supporting our development.
```
